Add index.md for Gameball (actions) (#6214)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-gameball/index.md

> ## Gameball (Actions) Destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Gameball (Actions) Destination
id: 
hidden: true
beta: true
```

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [Gameball](https://www.gameball.co) is an all-in-one customer loyalty marketing platform that empowers brands to create personalized retention campaigns, helping them grow and monetize their customer base using cutting-edge gamification strategies. Through Gameball, you can increase customer lifetime value, and secure unmatched conversion rates - capturing untapped opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Gameball](https://www.gameball.co){:target="_blank”} is an all-in-one customer loyalty marketing platform that empowers brands to create personalized retention campaigns, helping them grow and monetize their customer base using cutting-edge gamification strategies. Using Gameball, you can increase customer lifetime value and secure unmatched conversion rates - capturing untapped opportunities.
```

> This destination is maintained by Gameball. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support team.](mailto:support@gameball.co)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by Gameball. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Gameball Support team.](mailto:support@gameball.co)
```

## Benefits of Gameball (Actions) vs Gameball Classic
Gameball (Actions) provides the following benefits over the classic Gameball destination:

> **Fewer settings.** Data mapping for actions-based destinations happens in during configuration, which eliminates the need for most settings.
> **Clearer mapping of data.** Actions-based destinations enable you to define the mapping between the data Segment receives from your source, and the data Segment sends to the destination.
> **Support for Gameball V3 API.** Gameball (Actions) is built on the latest version of [Gameball APIs](https://developer.gameball.co/api-reference/api-reference).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fewer settings**: Data mapping for actions-based destinations happens in during configuration, which eliminates the need for most settings.
**Clearer mapping of data**: Actions-based destinations enable you to define the mapping between the data Segment receives from your source, and the data Segment sends to the destination.
**Support for Gameball V3 API**: Gameball (Actions) is built on the latest version of [Gameball APIs](https://developer.gameball.co/api-reference/api-reference){:target="_blank”}.
```

## Getting started

> 1. Before you start, go to your [Gameball dashboard](https://app.gameball.co/). Click **Settings** in the bottom left, then click on **Account Integration**. Copy the API Key and Secret Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to your [Gameball dashboard](https://app.gameball.co/){:target="_blank”}. Click **Settings** in the bottom left, then click on **Account Integration**. Copy the API Key and Secret Key.
```

> 2. From your workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog) search for Gameball.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From your Segment workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog){:target="_blank”} search for Gameball.
```

> 3. Select and click Add Destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select Gameball (Actions) and click **Add Destination**.
```

4. Select an existing Source to connect to Gameball (Actions).
5. Enter the API Key and Secret key in the destination settings in Segment.

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

> [comment]: <> Please add auto-generated content for "Identify Player", "Track Event" & "Track Order" mapping

Reviewer: This is programmatically generated after your destination enters public beta! 

```suggestion
```

## Migration from the classic Gameball destination

> Keep in mind if you plan to move to Gameball from a classic Gameball destination you will need to map your events to Gameball and please note that Gameball (Actions) uses Gameball's HTTP API v3.

Reviewer: Do you need to map your events to Gameball (Actions) before you delete your classic Gameball destination? 

```suggestion
If you plan to move to Gameball (Actions) from a classic Gameball destination you will need to map your events to Gameball (Actions). Note that Gameball (Actions) uses Gameball's HTTP API v3.
```

> title: Gameball (Actions) Destination
> id: 
> hidden: true
> beta: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
title: Gameball (Actions) Destination
id: 64d3487dcc68fe039fb6237f
hidden: true
beta: true
---
```

---
title: Gameball (Actions) Destination
id: 64d3487dcc68fe039fb6237f
hidden: true
beta: true
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Gameball](https://www.gameball.co){:target="_blank”} is an all-in-one customer loyalty marketing platform that empowers brands to create personalized retention campaigns, helping them grow and monetize their customer base using cutting-edge gamification strategies. Using Gameball, you can increase customer lifetime value and secure unmatched conversion rates - capturing untapped opportunities.

> This destination is maintained by Gameball. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Gameball Support team.](mailto:support@gameball.co)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by Gameball. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Gameball Support team.](mailto:support@gameball.co).
```
